Update Dev Guide - Add new missing GeoServer Extensions (#10556)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/integrations/geoserver.md

- [DDS/BIL Plugin](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/community/dds/index.html): this plugin add to geoserver the possibility to publish raster data in DDS/BIL format (World Wind). This particular plugin is useful if we want to use a raster data as elevation model for MapStore. This elevation model will be used in 3D mode or with the mouse coordinates plugin (displaying the elevation of a point on the map, together with the coordinates).

- [WPS longitudinal profile process](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/community/wps-longitudinal-profile/index.html): this plugin added to geoserver gives the possibility to calculate an altitude profile on a given path  and it is required to use the [*Longitudinal Profile*](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/user-guide/longitudinal-profile/) plugin of MapStore.

> - [FS FreeMarker Extension](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/community/wfs-freemarker/index.html): this plugin add to geoserver the possibility to generate an HTML output for a WFS GetFeature response. As for the WMS GetFeatureInfo it is applicable in MapStore by selecting the [*Feature Info Form*](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/user-guide/layer-settings/#feature-info-form) for the *Identify Tool*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WFS FreeMarker Extension](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/community/wfs-freemarker/index.html): this plugin add to GeoServer the possibility to generate an HTML output for a WFS GetFeature response. As for the WMS Identify settings, it is applicable in MapStore by selecting the HTML format in the [*Feature Info Form*](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/user-guide/layer-settings/#feature-info-form) for the *Identify Tool*.
```
